Add docs for exhaustive case expressions (#463)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: docs/syntax_and_semantics/case.md

  # and the type of value2 is known to be an Int32
end
```

## Exhaustive case

Using `in` instead of `when` produces an exhaustive case expression; in an exhaustive case, it is a compile-time error to omit any of the required `in` conditions. An exhaustive `case` cannot contain any `when` or `else` clauses.

The compiler supports the following `in` conditions:

### Union type checks

> If `case`'s expression is a union value, each of the union types may be used as a condition:

Reviewer: Type-based expressions are not limited to union types but also work with type hierarchies.

Author: They don't work in virtual type hierarchies?

```crystal
# var : (Bool | Char | String)?
case var
in String
  # var : String
in Char
  # var : Char
in Bool
  # var : Bool
in nil # or Nil, but .nil? is not allowed
  # var : Nil
end
```

### Bool values

If `case`'s expression is a `Bool` value, the `true` and `false` literals may be used as conditions:

```crystal
# var : Bool
case var
in true
  do_something
in false
  do_something_else
end
```

### Enum values

> If `case`'s expression is a non-flags enum value, its enumerators may be used as conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `case`'s expression is a non-flags enum value, its members may be used as conditions, either as constant or predicate method.
```
